Ground Floor, Tower – C Unit 1
Panchshil Tech Park One, Loop Road,
Near Don Bosco School, Yerwada
Pune – 411 006, India
Charted Accountants
Tel: +91 20 6603 6000
Independent Auditor’s Report on the Quarterly and Year to Date Audited Standalone
Financial Results of the Company Pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
To
The Board of Directors of
Infobeans Technologies Limited
Report on the audit of the Standalone Financial Results
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying statement of quarterly and year to date standalone financial
results of Infobeans Technologies Limited (the “Company”) for the quarter and year ended
March 31, 2023 (“Statement”), attached herewith, being submitted by the Company pursuant
to the requirement of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us,
the Statement:
i.
ii.
is presented in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Regulations in this
regard; and
gives a true and fair view in conformity with the applicable accounting standards
and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the net profit and
other comprehensive income/(loss) and other financial information of the Company
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under
section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”). Our responsibilities
under those Standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Standalone Financial Results” section of our report. We are independent of the Company
in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements
under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that
the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.
S R B C & CO LLP, a Limited Liability Partnership with LLP Identity No. AAB-4318
Regd. Office: 22, Camac Street, Block ‘B’, 3 rd Floor, Kolkata-700 016Charted Accountants
Management’s Responsibilities for the Standalone Financial Results
The Statement has been prepared on the basis of the standalone annual financial statements.
The Board of Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of
the Statement that gives a true and fair view of the net profit and other comprehensive
income/(loss) of the Company and other financial information in accordance with the
applicable accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with relevant
rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and in
compliance with Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations. This responsibility also includes
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for
safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the
Statement that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.
In preparing the Statement, the Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to
do so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting
process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Results
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Statement as a whole is
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the Statement.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Statement, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.Charted Accountants
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act,
we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Board of Directors.
 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis
of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
financial results or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a
going concern.
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Statement, including the
disclosures, and whether the Statement represents the underlying transactions and events
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.
Other Matter
The comparative financial information of the Company for the corresponding quarter and year
ended March 31, 2022, included in these standalone financial results, were audited by the
predecessor auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those financial information on
April 27, 2022.Charted Accountants
The Statement includes the results for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 being the balancing
figure between the audited figures in respect of the full financial year ended March 31, 2023
and the published unaudited year-to-date figures up to the third quarter of the current
financial year, which were subjected to a limited review by us, as required under the Listing
Regulations.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration
Number: 324982E/E300003
Digitally signed by Paul Alvares
Paul
Alvares
DN: cn=Paul Alvares, c=IN, o=
Personal, email=paul.alvares@
srb.in
Date: 2023.05.12 11:24:51 +05'30
'
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership No.: 105754
UDIN: 23105754BGQUOH9381
Place: Pune
May 12, 2023INFOBEANS TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
CIN - L72200MP2011PLC025622
Registered Office -Crystal IT Park, STP-I 2nd Floor, Ring Road, Indore MP 452001 IN
Website : www.infobeans.com, Email : investor.relations@infobeans.com, Contact No. : 0731 - 7162000, 2102
Statement of audited standalone financial results for the quarter and year ended 31 March 2023

Ground Floor, Tower – C Unit 1
Panchshil Tech Park One, Loop Road,
Near Don Bosco School, Yerwada
Pune – 411 006, India
Charted Accountants
Tel: +91 20 6603 6000
Independent Auditor’s Report on the Quarterly and Year to Date Consolidated Financial Results
of the Company Pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
To
The Board of Directors of
Infobeans Technologies Limited
Report on the audit of the Consolidated Financial Results
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying statement of quarterly and year to date consolidated financial results
of Infobeans Technologies Limited (“Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company
and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023
(“Statement”), attached herewith, being submitted by the Holding Company pursuant to the requirement
of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as
amended (“Listing Regulations”)
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the
Statement:
i.
includes the results of the following entities
Infobeans Cloudtech Limited (erstwhile Eternus Solutions Private Limited)
Infobeans Inc.
Philosophie Group Inc. (now merged with Infobeans Inc.)
Infobeans Technologies DMCC
Infobeans Technologies Europe GmbH
ii. are presented in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Regulations in this regard;
and
iii. gives a true and fair view in conformity with the applicable accounting standards, and other
accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated net profit and other
comprehensive (loss)/income and other financial information of the Group for the quarter
and year ended March 31, 2023.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified under
Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”). Our responsibilities under those
Standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Results” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ‘Code
of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the Act
and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us and other
auditors in terms of their reports referred to in “Other Matter” paragraph below, is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
S R B C & CO LLP, a Limited Liability Partnership with LLP Identity No. AAB-4318
Regd. Office: 22, Camac Street, Block ‘B’, 3 rd Floor, Kolkata-700 016Charted Accountants
Emphasis of Matter
We draw attention to Note 4, more fully described therein, of the Statement regarding certain errors in
the consolidated financial information of previous year/earlier years which have been rectified during
the current year by way of restatement of the comparative financial information in respect of deferred
tax liability on business combination, performance incentive and recognition of right of use assets.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Management’s Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Results
The Statement has been prepared on the basis of the consolidated annual financial statements. The
Holding Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
Statement that give a true and fair view of the net profit and other comprehensive (loss)/income and
other financial information of the Group in accordance with the applicable accounting standards
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting
principles generally accepted in India and in compliance with Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for
safeguarding of the assets of their respective company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Statement that give a true
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been
used for the purpose of preparation of the Statement by the Directors of the Holding Company, as
aforesaid.
In preparing the Statement, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group
are responsible for assessing the ability of their respective company to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the respective Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are also responsible for
overseeing the financial reporting process of their respective company.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Results
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Statement as a whole is free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the Statement.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Statement, whether due to fraud or
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.Charted Accountants





Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act,
we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by the Board of Directors.
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Statement or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Statement, including the
disclosures, and whether the Statement represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial results/financial
information of the entities within the Group of which we are the independent auditors and
whose financial information we have audited, to express an opinion on the Statement. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial
information of such entities included in the Statement of which we are the independent auditors.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities
included in the Statement of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. We also provide those charged with
governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
We also performed procedures in accordance with the Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/44/2019 dated
March 29, 2019 issued by the Securities Exchange Board of India under Regulation 33 (8) of the Listing
Regulations, to the extent applicable.
Other Matter
The comparative financial information of the Group for the corresponding quarter and for the year ended
March 31, 2022, included in these consolidated financial results, were audited by the predecessor
auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those consolidated financial information on April
27, 2022.Charted Accountants
The Statement includes the results for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 being the balancing figures
between the audited figures in respect of the full financial year ended March 31, 2023 and the published
unaudited year-to-date figures up to the end of the third quarter of the current financial year, which were
subjected to a limited review by us, as required under the Listing Regulations.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Paul
Alvares
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership No.: 105754
UDIN: 23105754BGQUOF2012
Place: Pune
May 12, 2023
Digitally signed by Paul Alvares
DN: cn=Paul Alvares, c=IN, o=
Personal, email=paul.alvares@
srb.in
Date: 2023.05.12 11:23:35 +05'30
'INFOBEANS TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
CIN - L72200MP2011PLC025622
Registered Office -Crystal IT Park, STP-I 2nd Floor, Ring Road, Indore MP 452001 IN
Website : www.infobeans.com, Email : investor.relations@infobeans.com, Contact No. : 0731 - 7162000, 2102
Statement of audited consolidated financial results for the quarter and year ended 31 March 2023